When you have coded something that is nifty and of general use, you may wish
to submit it for inclusion in the mudlib distribution.

This file contain a description of how you go about it.

- Prepare your code and use it for at least a few weeks on your mud. There
should be no known bugs left when you submit the code.

- Make sure your code complies with the coding standards for the mudlib.
These can be found in the file coding_standards (surpise ?!).

- Make sure that you have no local circumstances hardcoded into the objects.

- Make sure your code is tidy and easy to follow. Ask someone with good
judgement to look at your code before submitting it.

- Make the code public domain, or freely distributable for non-commercial
purposes. This is done by writing you name and the current date in a comment
at the top of each file, followed by the text 'This code is placed in the
public domain' in the former case or, 'Copyright, this code may be freely
used for non-profit purposes' in the latter case.

- Send the code by email to mud@cd.chalmers.se

- You will normally get an acknowleging letter in return for your
submission, but you have to be patient. Mudding is not a full time
occupation for any of us.

- What happends next depends on a lot of factors. Among the options are

a) Quick inclusion into the mudlib. You have made something we badly want.

b) Kept for later inclusion. You have done something that we find useful,
and we will include it when we have time to work it into the mudlib.

c) Returned for modification. You have done something we like, but for
one reson or an other it needs some more work before it can be included.

d) Kept for modification. You have written something that is useful, but
for some reason we want to rework it. For example we may want to make an
object more generally useful.

e) Rejected. We do not feel that your code should be included in the
mudlib release. This may be due to a number of reasons; it may not be
general enough, it may eat too much of system reources, it may deal with
things on a level that is too detailed (or too sketchy), or it may
be plainly bad code. You always have the option of using an other forum
to distribute your code, should we decide not to publish it.

